# Hospital-Management-System

This is helpful for both patient and doctor in their domains. As we know HEALTH IS WEALTH’, we have to be healthy for achieving our goals and dreams in future. In past few years to visit any doctor, we need to go to the hospital, stand in queue, fill the form, wait for our turn to get any treatment or check-up. But, still we don’t know whether the doctor is specialized in that field or there may be any fake doctors.

In present generation no one has patience in doing such things. They want the work to be done very quickly and don’t want to waste their precious time. We may not know when we fall ill. In such case we may not have the time to wait for our turn and get the service from the doctor.

To solve the problem, we introduce the online system for registration and managing the hospital management system for the patient as well as doctor for making the work efficient. This system reduces the time for getting the treatment and helps for the doctor who is expert in their field to ger the patient. This system helps the patient for getting the booking for the treatment, so that they no need for waiting like usually. Doctors can get benefit by applying their field of expert and their consultant fee and get the patient. This helps the doctor who is new can also get benefitted as their publicity is done. With addition to these we added a new feature as the chat application for the patient to chat with the doctor and vice versa to get a better communication and understanding between them. The chat application helps in clearing the doubt in the address or other medical details by the patient and if there is any change in the appointment, the doctor can intimate the patient and other details. Both has the option to cancel the appointment.

The admin will be the government, who can control the patient as well as the doctor. If they find any fake id of doctor as well as patient, the admin can remove the so that they can no longer get the service of E-Hospital management system. If all the features of this system are fully fledged, we can decrease the queue in the hospital for getting the treatment and the government can intimate the new policies or scheme, notify them in this system. Any type of information of the disease and the first aid for that can be got easily by the chatting with the doctor and get a fast and first treatment with the knowledge of the doctor. So, all the citizen is deserved to get services of the hospital easily and efficiently. With all these new features, we can able to make it better and make the people get benefited out of it.
